Updated performance test readme to include zipkin logging (#3604)
knative/serving: test/performance/README.md

}
```

## Zipkin trace

> Zipkin tracing can be enabled if needed by the performance test during setup. Once it is setup, all requests made

Reviewer: can we add sample code on how to do this?

```go
perfClients, err := Setup(t, EnableZipkinTracing)
```

Author: Updated to include sample code.

}
```

## Zipkin trace

Zipkin tracing can be enabled if needed by the performance test during setup.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```go
```

perfClients, err := Setup(t, EnableZipkinTracing)
```

> Once it is setup, all requests made by the `SpoofingClient` can be logged and saved to a trace file using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once enabled, all requests made by the `SpoofingClient` will have an additional trace header. This can be used to get the entire request trace and store it in a trace file in the artifacts directory using the
```

[AddTrace()](https://github.com/knative/serving/blob/master/test/performance/performance.go) method.

Sample Trace:

```

> ...

Reviewer: Update this to just include the trace json. Since, this mentions logging it into the trace file and not stdout.

Author: Updated.
